so this video opens with a biased
disclaimer my fundamental bias in making
this video is episode 7.1 the first
episode of season 7 was way better than
I expected it to be an episode 7.2 was
vastly worse than I expected it to be so
you know you can stop watching this
video now
maybe that never occurred to you I
thought everyone else would recognize
that also we watched this together
obviously this is my girlfriend I've
been into Game of Thrones and A Song of
Ice and Fire for like four years she's
been into it for like four months
at some point we're gonna have to update
so what is it up five months now I don't
know if you graduated five months
whatever but you I've read the books I
know more the deep background and she
obviously has gotten deeper and deeper
into this because she fell in love with
me to her perpetual misfortune okay and
by the way by the way by the way we are
broadcasting this right now from
Thailand we just got back from swimming
in the ocean and we've had distractions
we've had reasons not to make a video
after each episode but if anything I
feel really doubly motivated to make
some kind of response a discussion
because when we looked around at the
other channels respond this we couldn't
find a single person who in an
intelligent way was criticizing episode
7.0 and so it was wrong which us it was
just like facepalm obvious that 7.2 was
a terrible episode horribly written
horribly executed
whereas 7.1 was way better than we
expected was the best episode we've seen
for several seasons yeah yeah I agree
the second one was really cheesy there
were a lot of which was bad there was a
lot of bad scenes like just
uncomfortable to watch like why play and
watch and not in a good way yeah not
like this is really philosophically
challenging
yeah yeah I like this scene with Jon
Snow and Petyr Baelish was just like
what was the point of that like like
like they could have made it something
so much more interesting but really it
just was Petyr Baelish saying like oh
hey you know I've always loved your
stepmom and I've always loved Sansa one
of the keys to the game here I do have a
little bit of a background in
screenwriting or script writing theatre
or whatever want to say that scene so
it's an interesting
want to start with Petyr Baelish talking
to Jon Snow down in the dungeon down on
the crypts right yeah why does it start
when it does and why does it end windows
why does Petyr Baelish enter stage left
when he doesn't watch the eggs and
windows that's in terms of objective
measurements of good writing you
normally need a good answer square you
don't just have people float on stage
for no reason it's ridiculous and Jon
Snow even references how ridiculous John
snow says like you don't belong here
what are you doing here it's like for
watching the I it's like yes what are
you doing here this is a few writers
contrivance like yeah you don't you
don't just drift into equipped you know
what I mean you're like like he's not a
vampire right if you go to the grave no
but that is a classical sign of bad
right now doesn't that is he like in
terms of the formal definition some
things you can't define what is a great
poem what is not a great poem you can't
objectively define it but that's a scene
where in terms of the whole tradition we
have ultimately going back to Aristotle
you'd say that's classically lousy right
yeah I thought he was going to but you
see that would be that would have been
better because then at least he has a
motivation for why he enters stage left
when he does Oh Here I am emerging from
the shadows because I was down here
plotting to murder you that at least
gives him a motivation I mean the
classic question you're taught to ask
anteater is what's my motivation
that's that again again once more why am
i entering now why am i interfering with
the plow am i doing what I'm doing I
would say on the global level of
abstraction about the episode as a whole
I said to you after I we watched 7.1
that episode 7.1 was so good that if
somebody washed that and they'd never
seen anything else before that was their
first introduction to Game of Thrones to
Song of Ice and Fire
that I felt you could kind of be proud
of that like you sure that if someone
was respectable episode 7.1 had a lot of
old men talking about politics which for
me is the core of the show and the core
of the books it was like wow great you
know to me there were a lot of solid
well-written scenes were people talking
about politics that had a sense of
consequence and weight and ethical you
know sure but they're insane point one
even even Cersei talking to her brother
you know those those had a sense of
weight and consequence you know I mean
it weren't flippant discussions about
politics in this context of this war I
felt that someone who'd never seen any
other episode or never read the books
can watch 7-point when I go oh this is a
show to be taken seriously and then 7.2
I'm at the opposite extreme but I found
seven point you so embarrassing and
imagine how awful it would be if you
watched 7.2 with no prior knowledge of
anything to do with the show or the plot
or whatever you write so if you kick it
off with that then what you're looking
at these long nude scenes that kind of
start nowhere and go nowhere and so on
and so forth right yeah and it's not
that I'm against having any new droids
like I was I think I was talking to you
about this
like if the scene continued and we rid
the audience got answers to how they
would actually have sex how a eunuch
would have sex with somebody you know
like we really don't see you we don't
get answers oh yeah and because they
mentioned what the flag like everybody
is curious like what does yeah okay so
that scene again I felt it kind of
started poorly and ended poorly like it
fades out in a ridiculous time and it it
goes on too long given how little
colonists get I'm not opposed to nudity
in principle but the nudies got it the
nudity needs to be telling a story I
think there were a lot of different
questions that scene could have answered
not just what equipment does the work
yeah but like you know one it one thing
that could've been interesting it could
have been that we had the female lead to
say like reflect on whether during sex
or after sex or before could be fully
clothed I don't care you could avert
it--as the fact that she doesn't want to
have children like you know I mean it
would just be a human thing like oh okay
so this would make sense because she
actually she doesn't want to have kids
she wants to do this one or you know you
could have you could have a reflecting
after sex like you could just ever say
it's okay we can make this work before
or during or after but it'd be different
have more weight if it was after was
like yeah you know what like you know
she can be satisfied with this this can
be liver but whatever the
consequences are whatever the you know
the the meaning is that the scene is
trying to get across you know it can't
just be nudity for the sake of nudity or
not at that length I couldn't like I was
sitting there just thinking well this is
awful but at least we'll be over soon
yeah I thought it could have ended when
they first kissed right I know you
started waiting for attention and
nothing else nothing else got
communicated by there was no it didn't
advance the plot in any way it didn't
answer any questions and quite a few
different interesting questions could
have been answered about like who is
Miss on day or what does she want out of
life
yeah yeah apparently not kids or maybe
she's never thought about it mean so
many years ago again like if you're
sitting in the writers room meaning
maybe you could have been reflecting on
the fact because they talked about this
thing of being feeling afraid because
they're afraid the other person's gonna
die okay here's something else is
interesting in the past I never had to
plan for the future because I was a
slave now I've got to think of it I have
my own career my own family my own
homework that's also terrifying right
like there's so many different things
where you have missandei saying to him
look you know like I'm not going to be
the Queen's plaything forever I've got
to move on and have my own household and
have my own kids or something that would
be deep too that we had again I don't
care if they're naked they could if they
talk about something meaningful while
they're naked then the nudity is no
problem there's a million different
dressing directions yep yeah and nothing
it's just crickets and it's just it's
just cue the violins
it's literally get their clothes off and
cue the violence and then it feeds out
it feeds it in a totally meaningless way
and again in so this is my pointed with
the cartridge seven point one seven
point two if I was watching that with
someone who wasn't already a fan I would
feel so embarrassed like watching up to
somebody like I'm introducing the show
I'm trying to tell you that it's not
just about dragons and boobs you know
and I mean like oh no this is something
with real substance 7.1 was really kind
of dignified and seven points he was
utterly lacking that that sense of
dignity but I don't think we want to go
through it scene by scene and talk about
everything that was so awful for me I
think about 70-percent the episode was
awful there was maybe 30% that had you
know that held together canceled at
every single scene and it was garbage
but I don't think anyone
the discussions that we watched talked
about aria meeting with her friend Oh
hot pie yes whose nickname Popeye right
right right right
she's missed opportunity taro missed oh
yeah you know that's an opportunity for
her to say I've totally changed like
I've been through a lot and to discuss
like how she's feeling about wood what
she's done and oh yeah and they also
didn't address what happened with the
Lannisters
The Ed Sheeran guys yeah that's true so
worse to assume they just don't made
good friends with the Lannisters and
yeah when was going together but you
know so Arya stepping into the scene
there hot pie asks or some questions
that could have interesting answers just
including like we think he just asked
what ever happened to you yeah it's
probably that there could be a really
interesting answer that question no he
has no answer like she's just hungry
yeah you like who the hell wrote this
scene you know I can imagine right off
the top of my head six or seven
different really interesting answers for
e to give the khari arya could have said
I did whatever I needed to do to survive
boom you know they could sit there and
look at each other because this show
they seemed to like long pauses in style
they seem like silent facial and eye
contact based communication so that's
what you're going for she could say you
know I got on a path of killing my
family's enemies or something you know
she could have said anything
you know abstract or specific she could
have said you know what
I've spent a couple months with a bunch
of religious fanatics that would have
been command if that was that if she
reflected on the fact you know what I
was a member of a religion I never
believed in that would have been really
powerful two-for-two talked with a
religious element that she's basically
living like a priest as a member of
religion she never believed it you know
what a million interesting thing she
could comment on and reflect on or you
know and and we just get nothing all we
get is her grabbing food and pushing hot
pie including it was so that Arya found
out that Jon Snow was at Winterfell
right so that just gave her a reason to
leave those the only point in the scene
it yeah it advances the plot and that's
yeah there's like an inside joke for
people that have watched the show that
oh yeah he Arya had baked up right right
right
- of the phrase into a pie oh oh yeah I
didn't have you been baking have you
been baking pies one or two right yeah
awkward like just in general how
intimacy is I don't know right you know
Theon not the angry Yara oh yeah oh my
god that's terrible
no I actually forgot about that yeah
yeah yes of the attempted lez be ro
magazine yeah yeah terrible terrible
well it's also interesting because you
know female bisexuality is handled
pardon me in in a pretty sophisticated
way in the books in the books Circe
herself is bisexual or somewhat and I
think you could actually say sir she's
sexuality in the book is closer to
gender identity crisis so gender
identity crisis is because they're
different from a friend bisexuality and
she's really kind of dwells and the fact
that she wishes she was born a boy she
feels her whole life would be better
that she had only been a man instead of
a woman and you know there's a lot to
what Circe really reflects on her own
sexuality alone she does get drunk and
sleep with one woman you maybe just once
or twice and so on and you know it's
kind of heavy
and you know it's also in a sense it's
shows the quality of the writing because
it manages to get you to sympathize with
a woman who's committed so many
atrocities real atrocities and in the
book you see it up close where she's
torturing people to death to get
confessions out of them get false
confessions of you and so on so I just
say female bisexuality
is in an intelligent and psychologically
sophisticated way handled in the books
and then the TV show you just have this
kind of obscene yeah you know so but
woky if we're actually our wine right so
if we're actually stretching out if
we're actually stretching out why that
scene exists no obviously it's
interrupted dramatically but if it
doesn't what's the point their
relationship isn't political it's not
that one seducing the other for
political reasons so the point is these
are too drunk middle-aged women on a
boat who are bored and decide to one get
into bed together out of boredom
Merilee and to to humiliate Theon that's
all that's happening in that seat and
it's awful yeah yeah yeah yeah we kind
of already had that when theum was at
the brothel with Yara the back in season
six and that also didn't go anywhere I
didn't seem to do anything productive
but what's the point like your you know
your brother has been to some extent
eviscerated we don't really know we
assume he's a eunuch also you know
that's uh it is apparently right I'm you
know I wonder if the writers point was
to really give Theon a kind of an extra
motive for why he would jump off the
boat you know why he wouldn't feel
positively towards Europe pretty much
treating me like even though I
stuck up for her right said that she
should be the queen and I've been by
herself right yeah and in that same
scene at the yes she was like are you
going to you know write yourself or what
like are you gonna be a man you're gonna
commit suicide yeah yeah and she didn't
write from oh yes no which is terrible
writing and totally bizarre and made no
sense right yeah that was another like I
can't even call it a plot hole or plot
loophole it was just absolutely terrible
let's let's take another step back on a
big scale and we could have said this at
the start of look for me there's a big
problem which is more obvious in 7.2
than 7.1 that Daenerys simply doesn't
represent an alternative to the status
quo in any meaningful way now in uh in
the East she did because she challenged
slavery so it's like okay so these are
the you know brutal overlords who are
pro-slavery and she's the brutal
overlord his gonna bullish slavery there
was a difference but in Westeros and
against this thing with having everyone
wearing black so forever he's and
Daenerys wears all black Cersei works on
black so this is just another would be
conquerer you know really offering you
nothing but yeah yeah I mean how is she
better then or different from ups and
the wholeness of that in this dialogue
with varies came out for me it comes out
in the whole plot even just structurally
and aesthetically so well what is
Daenerys supposed to represent here when
VAR YZ is saying she somehow represents
hope for a better future or something
better for the poor why part of me what
so there was this joke from The Young
Turks they were saying that that he's
the Bernie Sanders of Westeros very
Sanders right okay but I don't I don't
remember dinero's promising one thing
that would help before I don't remember
her stating one word of concern about
the poor of the peasants of Western not
one before she had this anti-slavery
thing which was a disaster and in the
books it's a politically sophisticated
nuance disaster in the TV show it's kind
of never really explained but we get the
impression that her attempts to abolish
slavery were a disaster and then she
just leaves town oh that's that's what
you got in the TV show you don't get any
real resolution or anything yet yeah
maybe it's better in the books but it is
really strange to see all these people
that are backing up Daenerys right I
don't think that she's had yeah a good
track record okay wherever so the the
Dothraki or a culture based on conquest
looting pillage rape slavery a slave
economy above all else right super fuel
and she's brought into Westeros and we
have this i think the probably the best
scene in this episode was jeannie
talking to randyll Tarly and where Jamie
makes taste around Tarly look if you're
supporting Daenerys you're supporting
hordes of barbarians who are gonna rape
and loot and enslave people which is a
hundred percent true so in terms of the
politics that are explicit in the show
everything about Daenerys and Daenerys
aside is bad as negative even though
before she represented an abolition of
slavery now what does she represent
what's her election promise what makes
her different from anyone else playing
the game of Thrones and that dragon
right but from the audience's
perspective the answer has to be nothing
she doesn't have a moral leg up on him
okay I guess you know I guess in the
fictional universe Circe apparently
openly acknowledges that she destroyed
the great Sept of Baelor which is like
destroying the Vatican which is a
ridiculous in the books that'll never
happen and in the books
there'll be it hasn't happened yet we
don't know respectively because the
books aren't the next books talking but
here aren't published yet but it's it's
unthinkable to me that george RR martin
would have something that gauche in the
books i'm sure there will be some
sophisticated excuse made that you know
terrorists blew it out person then you
know somebody else will be blamed other
than Cersei at least by Circe herself
but in this book I mean search party in
the TV show in Congress to the books
Cersei I guess has become so infamous
she walked naked in the streets she
burned down the equivalent of the
Vatican she killed the the Pope you know
it's on such a level of villainy okay
maybe you can say people will look at
Daenerys as a positive alternative to
Cersei just on that level but I mean
don't forget in the other hand Daenerys
is arriving with the most infamous man
in the world as her hand which watching
it again because we quite rapidly
watched all six seasons before the start
of sees that we kind of did a watch the
whole thing again
and Season six really it with the play
within a play mechanic in season six
gets across to you just how infamous you
know serial yeah it's it's not he
murdered his own father or he murdered a
prostitute he was a terrible hand of the
king you know for any of this he
apparently had something to do with the
assassination of Joffrey from the
outside perspective you know perhaps
he's directly guilty of registering
trophy but this is the most infamous and
hated man in Westeros and in the world
who's there standing next to Daenerys so
do you really think morally you're so
pure you're such a contrast it's it's
surreal in Daenerys moved to not kill so
many people in King's Landing
she's determining that they should
starve the people yes so we saw one we
basically did a survey of all the major
commentators on YouTube about Game of
Thrones yeah we saw one who did say
Preston Jacob said look the acting by
Emilia Clarke playing Daenerys is
absolutely terrible which we agree with
and it's not going to change talking
about would you agree with so that that
is true
you know I feel she was poorly cast even
in season one I think she's been
terrible through the whole show in terms
of her performance in terms of her an
interpretation lines but then there's
the question of just what the script
gives her to work with of what are the
lines handed down
yeah and for sure as you say I mean it's
absurd it's like oh no we're not gonna
bomb the city we're gonna starve them
until they Oh
oh great okay and you know this was
delivered with no irony
I mean maybe another actress could have
interpreted that and a little more why
well you know I don't believe in burning
people to death them I have more subtle
you know scheme in mind yeah starvation
have you heard of it a word is
devastatingly effective in town of work
well you could have been in a little bit
more of a self-aware but no you have for
stating that robotic Lea with this blank
expression saying no way not bombed em
imagine I'm with you instead of her
crappy British accent imagine how
different would be if she just had a
Russian accent the same character you
would it would become farcical just by
changing it but it is farcical her
position is is ridiculous and look I
mean obviously the whole thing is high
fantasy there are dragons involved it's
not like I'm asking for some greater
degree of realism you know I don't need
you know I don't need to hear about how
they're getting enough oats for the
horses and their army or something
that's not my point but yeah yeah
basically tells her not to trust her Ian
yes she's the one not everybody follows
along blindly with what Daenerys is
planning but to me that's news because I
see Olenna Tyrell the women from Dorne
and Tyrion as all similarly discrediting
Daenerys because like Daenerys if you
represent some kind of moral high-ground
whether it's abolishing slavery or maybe
abolishing feudalism or maybe
introducing democracy because you could
be anything like this right Olenna
Tyrell the women from Dorne tear they
don't they don't represent that at all
they just represent revenge right there
they're embittered losers from the war
of the five kings who want mass murder
in one of masculine so how does that
make you look good the conversation
returned there
would have been a great opportunity to
talk about the very limited role that
democracy has in the fictional world
Westeros you did see that in the Iron
Islands but which also they didn't
mention in 7.1 why is your on the
legitimate king of the are announced he
was elected he was elected now it was
shown poorly in the show he just had a
bunch of old men with beards shouting
yeah right yeah okay but still that is a
system of election why did Jon Snow
become commander of the Nights Watch
they had elections you know and in the
books in Essos they have very realistic
ancient world style elections they do
twice a realistic I mean like he talks
about the corruption it's like oh it's
election month here so they're all these
singers out in the bar singing about how
great this or that candidate is so he
has this kind of realistically
Renaissance context for what elections
might be like and talks about the
bribery and different types of influence
but I'm going to have you so yeah I mean
it's a he doesn't he doesn't present
democracy as a simple pure alternative
to feudalism but it's if there was an
alternative so imagine how totally
different the dialogue between varies
varies the fake-ass Robin Hood character
varies who all of a sudden is motivated
by uplifting the poor sorry what sorry
when when if you do that Margaery Tyrell
was more of a hero with a poor than you
are boys
the high Sparrow the High Septon was
more of a champion varies when were you
a champion that we're never this is
completely phony for the TV show it's a
hundred percent phony and inconsistent
for the books maybe it's only 98 percent
phony but I don't think the books he'll
ever say anything like that
claiming to represent the poor claiming
to represent the realm is different from
representing the poor and the
downtrodden right but what what does
Daenerys represent Daenerys doesn't have
any to say to herself except her
bloodline except she's born to do it
therefore she's gonna kill whoever gets
to her on the throne that's all she's
got to save herself right now and yeah
that would be way more sufficient
anymore Varys you come from the east you
know that Nassau
not everything is determined just by
birth or wealth you know that in the
cities in the Free Cities of the East
you I've cut cities without slavery
where you elect your leaders where
leaders can change where people can be
changed without being decapitated that's
another big thing to write with an
elected system when you lose the
chen or you get replaced you know you
won last time but you lost this time you
don't get decapitated
well Westeros isn't like that feudalism
isn't like that right the ability to
change sides and change leaders without
having massacres or executions you know
there could have been something really
sophisticated in there what we had I
think two seasons ago was dinero's
declaring she was gonna break the wheel
I think that was season five or the
season sex right what does that mean
yeah what does that mean that does not
hope for the future that's not
abolishing slavery that's not Bernie
Sanders that's not free health care or a
cheaper college tuition what what does
breaking the wheel mean all right
so baby you you're less of a book reader
you have you she has read some of the
the ridiculously enormous corpus of text
was there anything put it this way do
you have any questions about like where
the series is going put it that way cuz
like to me some point it was a disaster
we agree about that I just say like you
know and I feel embarrassed after seven
point seven points you made me feel
embarrassed to be a fan of Game of
Thrones yeah so I do wonder what will
happen with Cersei yeah I don't know if
she well I don't know now that you're on
Zhaan her side you're on
yeah just and was it was it all of the
armies was it yeah he's devastated her
her enemies Navy yeah were the dragons
yes well maybe they don't fight in the
fog just too too sudden well but it was
in fog fog I mean maybe don't mention to
me with him all but in fog could be
affected that the dragons didn't even
notice what's happening yeah
nobody knew from afar fog historically
and warfare Fargas awesome enough
crucial importance that would fur for
naval battles especially yeah I mean I
think the truth is right now Cersei is
the only character with a coherent plot
line that's still kind of going on and a
coherent motivation I thought so that's
interesting as Cersei could get married
that's been discussed
Cersei can marry your honor circular saw
Jamie also could get married
so you know instead of torturing to
death the woman from Dorne they could
say well your punishment is you're gonna
get married to Jamie in have kids with
Jamie I think they won't do that because
that would actually solve some of their
problems you could create an alliance
from kids Island and Dorne but both of
them both of them could be married to
cement their their position but I don't
know I mean the other thing is whether
it's you know Lord Varys or anyone else
the lack of interest that the show
demonstrates in the small folk we have
no feeling of how ordinary people in
King's Landing or anywhere perceive
these bizarre over-the-top characters
because in this universe everybody knows
the Jamie and Cersei or an incestuous
couple it's just like an overt
established fact right you can't say it
in front of the Queen because you'll get
executed but everyone knows it everyone
knows she burnt down the great Sept and
everything so like you know the level of
infamy and these you know ridiculous of
the things we got a sense that just with
Tyrion through the the play within a
play mechanic so we have a sense of how
Tyrion is perceived with a polar we have
no sense of how Cersei Jamie or even
Daenerys we have no sense about any of
the other players are really perceived
by the public and I think that would I
think that would really enrich the whole
thing as a work of art as a TV show if
we had that sense role you know yeah
it's not really a question but more of
like a prediction the whole point of Jon
Snow
getting the dragon glass is to fight the
White Walkers yeah so I see it going one
or two ways so I don't know if Cersei
has even acknowledged this war in the
north yet but Daenerys is now learning
about it and she obviously next season
I'm sorry next episode Jon Snow we got
just one scene where Cersei completely
dismissed the situation the north yeah
she dismissed it as superstition and
nonsense yeah and so yeah basically she
represents someone who was not taking
that seriously well just just out of
like entertainment value I think would
be interesting to have Daenerys win the
Seven Kingdoms and then all of them
fight weight walkers and
I guess but in the end of it okay good
end to the whole so I just say this a
back when I was studying the theater I
remember two of the students started
beating each other with these wooden
bats their stage bats they don't
actually hurt you and the teacher said I
don't know why the teacher did this and
you know the students kind of laughed
but they didn't you know it was just
kind of funny to see these two students
do it and the teacher rather said no and
she handed me the bat to me and the guy
next to me and she said show them how
it's done
so I know it's none under parrot on my
Hurst and whereas the other two guys
were really rapidly just beating each
other for no reason me and this other
guy next to me he you know hit me once
you know slowly you know climbing and
then I really reacted and touched it you
know we did facial expressions
everything no problem really you know
acting it out and she circles you see
the difference you said you know beating
each other with bats in a vacuum is
meaningless it's not funny it's not
exciting it's not an action you know you
have to have the motivation and the
emotional wreck reaction and you have to
you know I mean yet this is not it's not
the bat striking the person it's seeing
the person recoil seeing them in their
in their eyes thinking now I'm gonna get
back at you and you know pulling the
prey of the person it's you know the
acting is about kind of everything
outside and surrounding the event
likewise I mean you're talking about
these wars the war in a vacuum is just
meaningless watching stuff get lit on
fire yeah it's only it's all I mean
episode 7.2 was so dire that the battle
scene was like a nice relief it was the
best part of the episode was watching
these boats you know crash into each
other there was the only part that was
what that was well represented but still
I mean you know war in a vacuum it's
it's the same with three news paper
though if you're reading about a war
where you know nothing about you know
none of the sides then it's just a body
count it's meaningless to you so it's
again Daenerys fighting a war to abolish
slavery that's meaningful right it's
partly the objective and her struggling
with that and you know missing the mark
that's what makes it meaningful boom
what is it now Daenerys fighting a war
so that she can be queen
just to be the wood right because her
bloodline is better than the other
persons but we all know the author
doesn't believe in that the moral of the
story is not gonna be people with good
breeding should rule over those who do
not have that is not conceivable but
that's what the story like Daenerys is
more fantastical like where she's come
from is this foreign land and she has
dragons so it just seems more likely
that she would be the ones to take she
would be the one to take down the walk
white walk sure as opposed to Cersei it
just doesn't seem like something Cersei
would be able I don't know I could be
wrong but so there there are fewer than
eight more episodes of the season I
forgot if they have ten only seven
episodes this season I think yeah it's a
really so I can ask you do you think
they're gonna wrap it all up this season
do you think this is the last season or
there's no after that I don't know the
answer maybe nobody knows it was going
faster than I expected because the
season aired the premiere for the next
episode show Jon right now I mean the
next the next episode he's gonna be so
maybe that's it
maybe that's the ending is dinero's goes
to the north team's up Jon and Daenerys
teen up go to the north beat the whoa
and then it's a wrap that's it so it's
possible this is it it's possible this
is the last season we have so many
thousands of pages more in the books
that there's got to be more to it but
maybe they just said hey you know what
we cast this with child actors and now
the child actors are all middle-aged
breathing fire and then try to sell
t-shirts with with that image and then
call it a wrap I guess that's all we're
gonna see at HBO the damn shame is that
legally there will never be a movie
series made there will never be an
animated movie series HB owns the only
rights so there this is all that's ever
possible when we're old people 20 or 30
years from now it'll take another hack
at it but I think this artistic and
intellectual failure is all that we're
gonna see in our lifetimes now I just
wish that wasn't the case I wish
contractually it were possible for us to
look at this and say well you know there
can still be a movie adaptation and I've
always felt just in terms of budget also
budget and also we can put on screen I
think it'd be great to have an animated
film or to have a film that just is
going to blend the two yeah you know
because there's a lot of supernatural
stuff that's easier to do in the books
that's easier to do with with anime than
with you know actors there's to give you
an example there's a scene that nobody's
read yet but the Georges talked about
where Tyrion sinks down to the bottom of
a river and as a conversation with some
kind of God so I don't know what what
that God really is is another question
because I think this is being written by
an atheist that's probably not I got it
all but you know a scene like that I can
totally imagine being done in an
animated format or even just trying to
get across the sense that there's
something meaningful about the mind mind
to wolf's relationship then the stark
family has a TV show that completely
fumbled varies to do a thing with
animation or some kind of more creative
and surreal filmmaking very difficult to
do with actors you know in this kind of
Star Trek style that they've adopted on
HBO
yeah I know yeah and just from the
little bits that I've read from the book
I think it would be easier to animate
rather than do hair and makeup oh it
sure was like impossible to actually
come that's probably why they did what
they did in the show right because you
can't have like made out of glass yeah
yeah the children for one they're
they're they're intentionally described
very vaguely the children of course a
lot of people think they're supposed to
be lizard like you know but we don't
know it's like yeah it's picking a few
adjectives here and there it's really
like we really don't know what they look
like on the show - I guess they kind of
went a little bit lizardy a little bit
yeah but anyway it's funny I mean in
some ways it's hard for you to imagine
it as an anime you know as an animated
series of films I guess it's hard for me
to imagine it just keeping your
attention when there are long scenes
that are just people's faces talking to
other anime I guess that's the weakness
that's not you know that's really kind
of the disadvantage of that but in other
respects it would be such a huge
advantage and like I said if I was ever
handed this creative task my first
challenge would be just getting rid of
the horses because the amount of budget
and time and everything else and we saw
this you know this analysis of the
Battle of the bastards oh so you didn't
wash that with me but anyway there was
this video analyzing what went wrong
with that
yeah it's millions of dollars and a huge
hassle to get horses to charge at each
other and not die you can't actually
impale a horse on a spike you know on TV
anymore it's not legal want someone so
yeah I mean you know I could imagine
Game of Thrones also being great with no
horses just set in a fictional world war
where they're in horses there a lot of
changing babe but a absolutely none of
that is ever gonna happen I I think this
is it I mean I think they're rushing
through the books here I think this is
the last season and they're just gonna
have you know the robot Daenerys
Targaryen go up north solve everyone's
problems with dragon fire and that's the
happy ending and that and then that is
it and then I guess we'll have a few
years where the other books come though
from George where you know we get the
other seven duncan egg stories and we
assume two more novels in the in the in
the book set but the rights to the
fictional universe of Westeros are
exclusively on by HBO so really not much
else as possible so yeah for me that's
that's really a great shame
sorry no point getting this but I think
ideally what would have been done or
what could still be done would be to
have a series of films backed up by like
net Netflix features so you know you
have side stories you have some of the
lesser characters are smaller side
journeys as made for TV or made for
internet short films and then have big
films taking on some of the big topics
because in the books me again the books
are not perfect but like at one point
Tyrion goes on this long mission down a
river he goes out he has this long
journey and it's not that easy to do
with that for cinema you know and at one
point Brienne it goes on a long journey
yes No so I mean I can imagine trying to
do a hybrid but yeah look I mean
obviously everyone involved in this
project including Emilia Clarke
nobody can tell them they're doing a
good job because from their perspective
it's a multimillion-dollar success
nothing blinds you to your failures like
success especially what that success is
number two the the millions of dollars
and millions of viewers so I can't I
can't blame them for that and I just say
I'm also I'm not like this sir I'll get
the guys channel name wrong I'm not like
some other critics you really feel like
this is a total failure and that Dan and
Dave the the show runners and producers
didn't have a right to make the creative
decisions they made I think that it is
natural to make decisions to try to work
on the strengths of the actors and try
to rewrite the script around the cast
you've got to make the most of the
talent you've got the advantages in
disadvantage got a call that's natural
and normal but I do nevertheless kind of
think this is a failure from my
perspective it doesn't matter how many
millions of dollars you make and in too
many important ways to do and that's how
I feel after watching 7.2 and I would
have felt completely different about
this if we had cored this video right
after 7.1 I would have been so much more
optimistic but we were busy we just flew
to Thailand and all this stuff but yeah
so that's also a funny irony is that
instead of because after 7.1 I would
have come out of here I said wow we're
finally back to great writing and show
that's fundamentally discussions about
politics and where it's really about the
plot and the substance you know wow this
is a show we can be proud of again and
after 7.2 my optimism is gone after I
give up this as a as a failure all right
in just a few more months it'll be all
I'll be over and then it just I'm
guessing it'll be a few years from now
that we'll get the new book and then
that I'll be an interesting bittersweet
thing you'll get to look around the
internet and say hey who's still
passionate about this now that this
isn't on HBO anymore who's still really
into this you know work at literature
and then probably like over the next ten
years probably there'll be a really cool
scene in terms of conventions and things
as the TV show gets forgotten and the
enduring value of the books you know
really good news people will keep
podcasting about it but at a very
different pace and very different mood
when it's no longer a multi-million
selling TV show when it's just this book
series where it's people oh yeah all
those books are still coming out oh
really you know what I mean that's I'm
sure for people who're fans I'm not a
fan of talking but it must have been
like four
for for Tolkien fans after you know the
movies happened for Lord of the Rings
and then there must have been this
transition to a very different kind of
quiet period where you know the no
longer was a mass media spectacle yeah
so I think that's we're going to that's
ten years well the next episode redeems
itself I have no home I don't all right
guys thanks for hanging in with us